Add FMFU external flash partition (#9873)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/dfu/dfu_target.rst

The MCUboot target will then use the :ref:`zephyr:settings_api` subsystem in Zephyr to store the current progress used by the :c:func:`dfu_target_write` function across power failures and device resets.

Using a dedicated partition for full modem upgrades
===================================================

> Enable the :kconfig:option:`DFU_TARGET_FULL_MODEM_USE_EXT_PARTITION` Kconfig option to use :ref:`partition_manager` for creating a dedicated partition for full modem upgrades.

Reviewer: Don't you also need to set some override in your DTS?

Author: not that i know of.

Reviewer: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/subsys/partition_manager/Kconfig.template.partition_region#L1

So you need to set the chosen `nordic,pm-ext-flash` as described here https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/scripts/partition_manager/partition_manager.rst#external-flash-memory-partitions

Author: ah, ok.  do you think there should be an explicit mention of that in the `dfu_target.rst`?

for the samples related to this PR, we do have tha required line in the overlay.

Reviewer: Other users of `dfu_target` will need to enable that `chosen`, so a mention of the `chosen` and a link to where it is described how to set it would be beneficial IMO.

The MCUboot target will then use the :ref:`zephyr:settings_api` subsystem in Zephyr to store the current progress used by the :c:func:`dfu_target_write` function across power failures and device resets.

Using a dedicated partition for full modem upgrades
===================================================

> Enable the following option to use :ref:`partition_manager` to create a dedicated partition for full modem upgrades:
> 
> * :kconfig:option:`DFU_TARGET_FULL_MODEM_USE_EXT_PARTITION`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable the :kconfig:option:`DFU_TARGET_FULL_MODEM_USE_EXT_PARTITION` Kconfig option to use :ref:`partition_manager` for creating a dedicated partition for full modem upgrades.
```
